Aflores 274107 get started tasks (#784)
osisoft/OCS-Docs: content/overview/get-started/gs-roles.md

- [Roles](xref:ccRoles)

- [Roles best practices](xref:ccRoles#roles-bp)

To create a role, follow these steps:

1. In the left pane, select **Security** > **Roles**.

1. In the toolbar, select **Add Role**.

1. In the `Add Role` window, complete the following fields:

>    - **Name**  &ndash; Enter *MyData.Role*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - **Name**  - Enter *MyData.Role*.

```

>    - **Description** &ndash; Optionally, add a description for this role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - **Description** - (Optional) Add a description for this role.

```
